Feature - add version tracking middleware (#183)
arcus-azure/arcus.webapi: docs/preview/features/logging.md

`HTTP Request POST http://localhost:5000/weatherforecast completed with 200 in 00:00:00.0191554 at 03/23/2020 10:12:55 +00:00 - (Context: [X-Api-Key,])`

## Tracking application version

The `Arcus.WebApi.Logging` library allows you to add application version tracking to your <span>ASP.NET</span> application which will include your application version to a configurable response header.

> This functionality uses the `IAppVersion`, available in the [Arcus.Observability]() library, for retrieving the current application version.

Reviewer: Is this link intentionally left out?

Author: Forgotton, I'll place in the general root docs link here as we're not yet done with the app version in the observability. I guess.

> Such an instance **needs** to be registered in order for the version tracking to work correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Such an instance **must** be registered in order for the version tracking to work correctly.
```

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-danger" role="alert"><i class="fa fa-exclamation-circle"></i> <b>WARNING:</b> only use the version tracking for non-public endpoints otherwise can the leakage of the application version be used in unintended malicious purposes.</div>

Author: Hmm, doesn't show yet the way I wanted I think.

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-danger" role="alert"><i class="fa fa-exclamation-circle"></i> <b>WARNING:</b> only use the version tracking for non-public endpoints otherwise can the leakage of the application version be used in unintended malicious purposes.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-danger" role="alert"><i class="fa fa-exclamation-circle"></i> <b>WARNING:</b> Only use the version tracking for non-public endpoints otherwise the version information is leaked and it can be used for unintended malicious purposes.</div>
```

Reviewer: Or let's use native Markdown:
```suggestion
> ⚠ **Warning:** only use the version tracking for non-public endpoints otherwise can the leakage of the application version be used in unintended malicious purposes.
```

Adding the version tracking can be done by the following:

```csharp

> public void ConfigureServices(IServcieCollection services)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
```
typo :)
